Add 1E Datadog integration (#1569)
DataDog/integrations-extras: 1e/README.md

# 1E

## Overview

The 1E Datadog integration enables you to automatically send 1E metrics to your Datadog account.

## Setup

### Configuration

> Getting set up with the 1E Datadog integration is as simple as emailing a Datadog API key and region to 1E Support team. There's no further configuration required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting set up with the 1E Datadog integration is as simple as emailing a Datadog API key and region to the 1E Support team. There's no further configuration required.
```

> 1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the 1E tile. Then go to the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the 1E tile. 
1. Click the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.
```

2. Go to your [Datadog APIs page][2] and create an API key.

3. Determine your Datadog API region by looking at your browser's address bar:

> - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.com`, then your API region is `US`.
> - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.eu`, then your API region is `EU`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.com`, your API region is `US`.
   - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.eu`, your API region is `EU`.
```

> 4. Send mail to 1E support with Datadog API key and region to Activate 1E Datadog Integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Send an email to 1E support with the Datadog API key and region to activate your 1E Datadog integration.
```

> 5. Once support team send success mail, Go to the Datadog metrics explorer to see your metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After you receive a reply from the support team, go to the Datadog metrics explorer to see your metrics.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> see [metadata.csv][3] to a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][3] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

### Service Checks

> The 1E integration does not include any service checks at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 1E integration does not include any service checks.
```

### Events

> The 1E integration does not include any events at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 1E integration does not include any events.
```

# 1E

## Overview

> The 1E Datadog integration enables you to automatically send 1E metrics to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 2: We recommend providing more insight on the value of the integration and the integrations purpose

> The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forward them to your Datadog account. You can use these metrics to take advantage of the out-of-the-box dashboard or you can create your own visualizations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forwards them to your Datadog account. You can use these metrics to take advantage of the out-of-the-box dashboard or you can create your own visualizations.
```

## Setup

### Configuration

Getting set up with the 1E Datadog integration is as simple as emailing a Datadog API key and region to the 1E Support team. There's no further configuration required.

1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the 1E tile.

2. Click the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

> 3. Go to your [Datadog APIs page][2] and create an API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to your [Datadog API Keys Management page][2] and create an API key.
```

> 4. Determine your Datadog API region by looking at your browser's address bar:

Reviewer 2: Datadog API Region should be changed to Datadog Site as this is how we identify regions
```suggestion
4. Determine your Datadog site by looking at your browser's address bar:
```

Reviewer 2: I recommend hyperlinking our datadog site doc: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/

>    - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.com`, your API region is `US`.

Reviewer 2: Please replace region with site throughout the steps

   - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.eu`, your API region is `EU`.

> 5. Send an email to 1E support with the Datadog API key and region to activate your 1E Datadog integration.

Reviewer 2: Would be good to link the 1E support email

> 5. Send an email to [1E support](mailto:support@1e.com) with the Datadog API key and region to activate your 1E Datadog integration.

Reviewer 2: We recommend having the user input their api key somewhere on 1Es site since email isn't a secure way to send api keys.

Author: @emarsha94 Thanks for the suggestion. Can we consider this change in next PR or may be if these changes be released to staging environment for Dash showcase.

Reviewer 3: Hi @Sid-1E, I'm a PM on the same team as @emarsha94. Unfortunately this is a hard blocker for our team - we can't allow for the transfer of API Keys over email as it poses a large security risk. The pattern we normally suggest is to have users enter their credentials on some kind of integration configuration page on your website. You could then pull those and use them in any subsequent calls to the Datadog API.

Author: We have discussed with our support team, and will ask customers to provide this detail via our secure 1E Support Portal. I have changed the set up steps accordingly.

> 6. After you receive a reply from the support team, go to the Datadog metrics explorer to see your metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. 1Es team will be in touch once your account has been set up. Once it's been setup, navigate to the Metrics Explorer within Datadog to see metrics begin to flow in.
```

Reviewer 2: I recommend including a hyperlink to the Metric Explorer page as well

# 1E

## Overview

> The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forwards them to your Datadog account. You can use these metrics to take advantage of the out-of-the-box dashboard or you can create your own visualizations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forwards them to your Datadog account. These metrics are visualized on the out-of-the-box dashboard, and can also be used to  create your own visualizations. 
```

> The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forwards them to your Datadog account. These metrics are visualized on the out-of-the-box dashboard, and can also be used to  create your own visualizations. 

Reviewer 4: Non-blocking suggestion but it would be good to add one line about what 1E does.

```suggestion
1E is a digital experience solution that automatically surfaces user experience issues with recommended troubleshooting steps, reducing points of friction. The 1E Datadog Integration is an API-based integration that collects metrics from 1E products and forwards them to your Datadog account. These metrics are visualized on the out-of-the-box dashboard, and can also be used to  create your own visualizations. 
```

## Setup

### Configuration

> Getting set up with the 1E Datadog integration is as simple as emailing a Datadog API key and site to the 1E Support team. There's no further configuration required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Getting set up with the 1E Datadog integration is simple, and requires the following:
```

> 1. Go to your [Datadog Integrations page][1] and click on the 1E tile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
This step doesn't seem to be necessary, because if the user is reading this they'll already be on the tile :)

> 2. Click the **Configuration** tab and click **Install Integration** at the bottom.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Removing for same reason as above - these instructions appear on the configure tab

> 3. Go to your [Datadog API Keys Management page][2] and create an API key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. After clicking "Install Integration" on this tile, go to your [Datadog API Keys Management page][2] and create an API key.
```

4. Determine your [Datadog site][6] by looking at your browser's address bar:

   - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.com`, your site is `US`.

>    - If the domain name is `app.datadoghq.eu`, your site is `EU`.

Reviewer 3: We have more sites than just US and EU - I'd recommend removing these two sub-bullets and prompting the user to use the documentation linked to determine their site.
